com/gradi/app/authentication/jwt/MyUserDetails.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.jwt.MyUserDetails
com/gradi/app/group/model/GroupEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.group.model.GroupEntity
com/gradi/app/authentication/errors/ExistingCredentialsError.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.errors.ExistingCredentialsError
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/ActivityMediaRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.ActivityMediaRepository
com/gradi/app/group/service/GroupServiceInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.group.service.GroupServiceInterface
com/gradi/app/authentication/controller/AuthenticationController.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.controller.AuthenticationController
com/gradi/app/authentication/service/AuthServiceInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.service.AuthServiceInterface
com/gradi/app/activities/mappers/MediaMapperImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.mappers.MediaMapperImpl
com/gradi/app/activities/model/mediaRelated/ActivityMediaEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.mediaRelated.ActivityMediaEntity
com/gradi/app/activities/model/answerRelated/AnswerBody.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.answerRelated.AnswerBody
com/gradi/app/game/model/ActivityGameKey.java
 com.gradi.app.game.model.ActivityGameKey
com/gradi/app/user/service/UserServiceInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.user.service.UserServiceInterface
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/ActivityGameRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.ActivityGameRepository
com/gradi/app/MainGradiApp.java
 com.gradi.app.MainGradiApp
com/gradi/app/user/model/UserEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.user.model.UserEntity
com/gradi/app/game/service/GameServiceInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.game.service.GameServiceInterface
com/gradi/app/user/dtos/UserSignupDTO.java
 com.gradi.app.user.dtos.UserSignupDTO
com/gradi/app/authentication/jwt/TokenProvider.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.jwt.TokenProvider
com/gradi/app/group/service/GroupServiceImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.group.service.GroupServiceImpl
com/gradi/app/activities/model/linkRelated/ActivityLinkKey.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.linkRelated.ActivityLinkKey
com/gradi/app/apiResponse/ApiResponse.java
 com.gradi.app.apiResponse.ApiResponse
com/gradi/app/group/controller/GroupController.java
 com.gradi.app.group.controller.GroupController
com/gradi/app/authentication/service/AuthServiceImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.service.AuthServiceImpl
 com.gradi.app.authentication.service.AuthServiceImpl$1
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/ActivityLinkRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.ActivityLinkRepository
com/gradi/app/user/mappers/UserMapperImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.user.mappers.UserMapperImpl
com/gradi/app/user/dtos/UserLoginDTO.java
 com.gradi.app.user.dtos.UserLoginDTO
com/gradi/app/authentication/errors/LoginError.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.errors.LoginError
com/gradi/app/game/model/ActivityGameEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.game.model.ActivityGameEntity
com/gradi/app/activities/model/userRelated/ActivityUserKey.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.userRelated.ActivityUserKey
com/gradi/app/user/dtos/UserEntityDTO.java
 com.gradi.app.user.dtos.UserEntityDTO
com/gradi/app/group/mappers/GroupMapperImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.group.mappers.GroupMapperImpl
com/gradi/app/group/repository/UserGroupRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.group.repository.UserGroupRepository
com/gradi/app/user/controller/UserController.java
 com.gradi.app.user.controller.UserController
com/gradi/app/user/mappers/UsersMapperInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.user.mappers.UsersMapperInterface
com/gradi/app/activities/model/linkRelated/ActivityLinkEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.linkRelated.ActivityLinkEntity
com/gradi/app/group/model/UserGroupKey.java
 com.gradi.app.group.model.UserGroupKey
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/MediaRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.MediaRepository
com/gradi/app/user/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.user.repository.UserRepository
com/gradi/app/user/dtos/ProfilePictureDTO.java
 com.gradi.app.user.dtos.ProfilePictureDTO
com/gradi/app/activities/model/answerRelated/AnswerMediaEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.answerRelated.AnswerMediaEntity
com/gradi/app/activities/mappers/MediaMapperInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.mappers.MediaMapperInterface
com/gradi/app/game/service/GameServiceImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.game.service.GameServiceImpl
com/gradi/app/authentication/jwt/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.jwt.WebSecurityConfig
com/gradi/app/authentication/jwt/JwtValues.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.jwt.JwtValues
com/gradi/app/activities/mappers/ResultMapperInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.mappers.ResultMapperInterface
com/gradi/app/authentication/jwt/JwtAuthFilter.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.jwt.JwtAuthFilter
com/gradi/app/activities/model/mediaRelated/ActivityMediaKey.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.mediaRelated.ActivityMediaKey
com/gradi/app/authentication/errors/InvalidCredentialsError.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.errors.InvalidCredentialsError
com/gradi/app/game/controller/GameController.java
 com.gradi.app.game.controller.GameController
com/gradi/app/group/repository/GroupRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.group.repository.GroupRepository
com/gradi/app/activities/model/userRelated/ActivityUserEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.userRelated.ActivityUserEntity
com/gradi/app/user/service/UserServiceImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.user.service.UserServiceImpl
com/gradi/app/authentication/errors/AuthValidator.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.errors.AuthValidator
com/gradi/app/authentication/jwt/LoggedInUserData.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.jwt.LoggedInUserData
com/gradi/app/user/dtos/SearchedUserDTO.java
 com.gradi.app.user.dtos.SearchedUserDTO
com/gradi/app/activities/model/linkRelated/LinkEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.linkRelated.LinkEntity
com/gradi/app/game/model/GameEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.game.model.GameEntity
com/gradi/app/user/dtos/PasswordChangeDTO.java
 com.gradi.app.user.dtos.PasswordChangeDTO
com/gradi/app/authentication/jwt/UserDetailServiceImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.authentication.jwt.UserDetailServiceImpl
com/gradi/app/utilities/WebSocketConfig.java
 com.gradi.app.utilities.WebSocketConfig
com/gradi/app/group/dtos/GroupDTO.java
 com.gradi.app.group.dtos.GroupDTO
com/gradi/app/activities/model/answerRelated/ResultEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.answerRelated.ResultEntity
com/gradi/app/group/model/UserGroupEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.group.model.UserGroupEntity
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/ActivityUserRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.ActivityUserRepository
com/gradi/app/game/repository/GameRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.game.repository.GameRepository
com/gradi/app/group/mappers/GroupMapperInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.group.mappers.GroupMapperInterface
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/LinkRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.LinkRepository
com/gradi/app/activities/model/mediaRelated/MediaDTO.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.mediaRelated.MediaDTO
com/gradi/app/activities/model/mediaRelated/MediaContentEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.mediaRelated.MediaContentEntity
com/gradi/app/activities/model/answerRelated/AnswerEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.answerRelated.AnswerEntity
com/gradi/app/activities/model/answerRelated/ResultBody.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.answerRelated.ResultBody
com/gradi/app/activities/model/ActivityEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.ActivityEntity
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/AnswerRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.AnswerRepository
com/gradi/app/activities/mappers/ResultMapperImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.mappers.ResultMapperImpl
com/gradi/app/activities/model/answerRelated/AnswerMediaKey.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.answerRelated.AnswerMediaKey
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/ResultRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.ResultRepository
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/AnswerMediaRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.AnswerMediaRepository
com/gradi/app/activities/service/ActivityServiceImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.service.ActivityServiceImpl
com/gradi/app/activities/model/ActivityBody.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.ActivityBody
com/gradi/app/activities/repository/ActivityRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.repository.ActivityRepository
com/gradi/app/activities/model/ActivityDetailsEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.model.ActivityDetailsEntity
com/gradi/app/activities/controller/ActivityController.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.controller.ActivityController
com/gradi/app/activities/service/ActivityServiceInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.activities.service.ActivityServiceInterface
com/gradi/app/badges/repository/BadgesRepository.java
 com.gradi.app.badges.repository.BadgesRepository
com/gradi/app/badges/model/BadgeEntity.java
 com.gradi.app.badges.model.BadgeEntity
com/gradi/app/badges/service/BadgesServiceImpl.java
 com.gradi.app.badges.service.BadgesServiceImpl
com/gradi/app/badges/service/BadgesServiceInterface.java
 com.gradi.app.badges.service.BadgesServiceInterface
com/gradi/app/badges/controller/BadgesController.java
 com.gradi.app.badges.controller.BadgesController
